today you can see me put on my vest it
ended this video I recorded myself
putting on my makeup so stay tuned for
that sorry about my hair and her my
straightener with me so I couldn't do
anything it's all munted oh well
yesterday but that's not the point I'm
just going to show you my outfit this is
it
these are black leggings this top here
is from cotton on and you've seen it
outfit of the day I'm up for the night
or something right there really but it's
just a really cute little cropped off
and I edit this doubt just cuz I and
I've got this like playing gray um
what's this called like a singlet
underneath obviously cuz I'm not gonna
show my guts cuz my guests are
disgusting stuff and I'm wearing these
black leggings and I don't care what
people say I wear them as pants because
they're super comfortable and I'm on you
go just wearing these little lace-up
sneaky things I got from Kmart
oh yeah and these leggings have
heirlooms up as you can see I'm wearing
this ring here what's flattering got me
for my birthday
it's really cute and I'm wearing this
bracelet that I got for my 16th birthday
from my mama it's a burn by the way it's
been in his my videos and some people
like mailed me like what's that new
arrest and I'm not wearing any
Nicholas's or anything I'm swearing my
PO earrings as I do every single day and
that's about it
also I got partnership if you haven't
noticed by the banner and little clicky
buttons and all that I was this weird
button on the top of my page and
you-tube was like we want you to be a
partner and they told me to fill out a
form and I thought it was like a scam or
something said what it's called a scam
and so didn't do it first of all I liked
we did it in people like oh my god do it
so I did and I go good it and it was
fine and it was legit so it was good so
now I'm partner and it's pretty cool
because I like never thought I'd get
part in this early on I didn't even have
partner in my vision of the movement so
that's pretty cool so thank you guys
and stay tuned for the next part of this
video me put it on my face by
you